
Overview
--------

tidy_container library implements tidy::string and tidy::vector containers that 
don't leave traces of contents on RAM upon destruction regardless of the sequence 
of operations applied to them.

For the sake of simplicity, the containers have not been fully optimized for speed.
Certain operations might be slower up to two times than the standard library 
implementation, not taking into account time taken by memory zeroing.
tidy::vector only supports trivial types.

The containers are intended to be direct replacements of the standard equivalents.
They mostly pass libcxx test suite. There are two known issues:
 - functions are not marked with noexcept specifiers
 - `basic_string::replace` family of functions is not yet implemented

License
-------

The library is distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0

> Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
> obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
> this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
> execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
> Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
> do so, all subject to the following:
>
> The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
> the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
> must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
> all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
> works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
> a source language processor.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
> SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
> FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
> ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
> DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The tests/ directory contains parts of Clang libcxx test suite. Unless
noted otherwise it is distributed under either MIT or University of
Illinois/NCSA Open Source Licenses.

University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License:

>
> Copyright (c) 2009-2015 by the contributors listed in CREDITS.TXT
>
> All rights reserved.
>
> Developed by:
>
>     LLVM Team
>
>     University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
>
>     http://llvm.org
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
> this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
> the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
> use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
> of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
> so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
>       this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.
>
>     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
>       this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
>       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
>
>     * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
>       Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
>       endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
>       prior written permission.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
> FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
> SOFTWARE.

MIT license:

> Copyright (c) 2009-2014 by the contributors listed in CREDITS.TXT
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
> THE SOFTWARE.
